he sees you he hears you he doesn't hear
the darkness do you imagine that you are
here to witness not but an hour of
flickering fictions you najin that your
lives are not in jeopardy at this very
moment this is the empty house of your
soul its foundations are built on your
childhood and climbing a lifetime you
may never reach its top floor can smell
the air within dry musty with long and
Lex if you would see the story that is
about to unfold
be warned it is nothing less than that
which lies within these walls and within
each and every one of you are you
prepared to take up residence if you are
then enter but do not make the decision
lightly for you will not be alone
walking these creaking floors remember
the words of our Savior when he spake in
Matthew 28:20
and behold I am with you all of the days
until the completion of the age